[Teams] Update index.md (#2977)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/policies/zero-trust/index.md

These are the rule types you can choose from:

| Include | Exclusion | Require |
| ------- | ------- | ------- |

> | The Include action is similar to an OR logical operator. In case more than one Include rule is specified, users need to meet only one of the criteria. | The Exclusion rule works like a NOT logical operator. A user meeting any Exclusion criteria won’t be allowed access to the application. | The Require rule works like an AND logical operator. A user must meet all specified Require rules to be allowed access. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Include action is similar to an OR logical operator. In case more than one Include rule is specified, users need to meet only one of the criteria. | The Exclusion rule works like a NOT logical operator. A user meeting any Exclusion criteria will not be allowed access to the application. | The Require rule works like an AND logical operator. A user must meet all specified Require rules to be allowed access. |
```

* Allow E

The policies will execute in this order: Service Auth C > Bypass D > Allow A > Block B > Allow E.

> <Aside type='Warning'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Aside type='warning'>
```
